---
title: "Class 6: Early Hackers: Hacker Zines"
layout: post
description: "Class 6"
---

## Class 6: Early Hackers: Hacker Zines
Hackers loved to share knowledge, and after the start of the [BBS era](./2025-02-10-class4.md), hackers needed a new _format_ by which to share that knowledge.
Between hacker conferences and classic internet trolling, the Hacker [e-zine](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/e-zine) was born! 
In this class, we will learn about the nearly fictitious way hackers shared exploit and culture knowledge (all in ASCII 7-bit)!

### Class Content
- [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18o6RAF3VFEt1IVx7Yt4u17YXlHr0UvyGqovze_IT4Ag/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Gandalf AI Challenges](https://gandalf.lakera.ai)


### In-class Exercise: The Power of Words (and LLMs)
So far, we've learned two things in this class:
1. Hackers share knowledge (often through words)
2. Hackers constantly need to evolve to the latest tech

Interestingly, we are living in the next era of new tech and new ways to share knowledge. 
Words have power, and so does trust... 
What happens when the new age of hacking, _with words_, meets technology that we can't trust? 

In this exercise you will be trying your hand at the new age of hacking: [LLM Jailbreaking](https://jailbreaking-llms.github.io/). 
The goal is simple: **the LLM knows a secret that you want to know, but the LLM has been instructed to NEVER give you it**.
How can you trick the LLM into giving you the secret, even though its instructions say not to? 

**Exercise**:
- Complete the first 4 levels of [Gandalf AI](https://gandalf.lakera.ai). 


## Assignment 6: Hacker Prophiles
Zines gave us a small look into people’s lives. Hacker Zines lets us understand how hackers live. Now, it's time for you to give back to the community by making a zine about a hacker, sharing with us a piece of their world. These types of Zines are known as Hacker Prophiles. Create one about a hacker.
Assignment Steps

1. Pick a hacker.
2. Claim them on the sheet (add more as needed)
3. Find their multiple occurrences on phrack, google, wikipedia, etc!
4. Build a prophile zine
### Content Requirements:
- At least 300 words
- At least 1 ASCII diagram or picture
- Include the hacker's effects on history, technology, and art. 

### Formatting Requirements:
- Turn in a plaintext document (a .txt file with no special formatting)
- All lines must be wrapped at 80 characters (no line should have more than 80 chars)

I recommend starting in a standard word editor, then copying and pasting after checking the spelling. For inspiration on what a good prophile looks like, see The Mentor's prophile on Phrack.
