---
layout: profile
title: geohot
author: Darth Penguin
---

   _____ ______ ____  _    _  ____ _______ 
  / ____|  ____/ __ \| |  | |/ __ \__   __|
 | |  __| |__ | |  | | |__| | |  | | | |   
 | | |_ |  __|| |  | |  __  | |  | | | |   
 | |__| | |___| |__| | |  | | |__| | | |   
  \_____|______\____/|_|  |_|\____/  |_|   
                                           
                                           

Handle: geohot

Call Him: George Hotz

Past Handles: million75, mil

Handle Origin: The handle "geohot" is a combination of the first letters of his
first and last names: "Geo" from George and "Hot" from Hotz.

Date Of Birth: October 2, 1989

Height: unknown

Weight: unknown

Eye Color: Brown

Hair Color: Brown


George Hotz, better known by his alias "Geohot," is a hacker, engineer, and
entrepreneur known for his groundbreaking work in hacking and security. He 
gained fame in 2007 when he was the first to unlock the Apple iPhone, allowing
users to run it on unauthorized carriers. This was a major milestone in mobile
device freedom and had profound effects on the smartphone industry.

Hotz later became known for his work on the PlayStation 3. In 2010, he found a
way to jailbreak the PS3, granting users access to its hardware and software
beyond Sony's intended limitations. This led to a major legal battle with Sony,
which eventually resulted in an out-of-court settlement. His actions sparked
debates over digital rights, ownership, and security, influencing the broader
hacking community.

Beyond hacking, Geohot has contributed to artificial intelligence and automotive
technology. He founded Comma.ai, a startup focused on developing open-source
self-driving technology. His work has influenced automation and AI-driven car
modifications, challenging major corporations like Tesla and Google.

Geohot's influence extends to cybersecurity research. His contributions to
vulnerability discovery and ethical hacking have shaped security practices in
both academia and industry. His techniques and exploits have been documented on
platforms like Phrack, an underground hacking journal, and referenced in various
security discussions.

His impact on art and technology also includes his public persona as an
outspoken hacker. His presence on social media, interviews, and conferences has
made hacking more visible and accessible to the public. His unconventional
approach has inspired many aspiring hackers, engineers, and programmers.

Overall, George Hotz has left a significant mark on history, technology, and
digital culture. His work has influenced major companies, reshaped discussions
on user rights, and pushed the boundaries of innovation in various fields.

