---
layout: profile
title: Shooting Shark
author: Anonymous
---

      ____
  ><(((o)))>
      |__|  
     //||\\ pew pew  	SHOOTING SHARK: LATE 80S HACKER ICON


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Introduction~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shooting Shark, a notable hacker from the late 1980s, gained recognition 
through his contributions to the hacking community, particularly in Unix 
systems and telecommunication exploits. His story, detailed in the Phrack 
Inc. Volume Three, Issue Thirty-Three, offers insight into the early days of 
computer hacking and the personalities that shaped the underground tech 
culture. This profile explores the life, hacking career, and legacy of 
Shooting Shark.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Early Life and Introduction to Computers~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Born on November 25, 1966, in the San Francisco Bay Area, Shooting Shark's 
journey into the world of computers began in high school. Enrolled in an 
Advanced Placement Computer Science course, he learned Pascal programming on 
the Apple //e, though he found greater enjoyment in software piracy and 
gaming. His early interest in technology was heavily influenced by the 1983 
film Wargames(one of my personal favorite movies now), sparking his 
fascination with hacking.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Entry into Hacking~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shooting Shark's hacking career began with phone phreaking, a common entry 
point for many early hackers. His mentor, Elric of Imrryr, introduced him to 
800 extendersâ€”codes that allowed free long-distance calls. With the purchase 
of a Novation Apple Cat 300 modem, he expanded his capabilities, experimenting
 with blue boxing and exploring bulletin board systems (BBS) such as Sherwood 
Forest and OSUNY.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Unix Expertise and Phrack Contributions~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In college, Shooting Shark gained access to a Pyramid 90x super mini computer 
running BSD 4.2 Unix. His knowledge of Unix systems became his signature 
strength, leading to a series of technical articles published in Phrack and 
the Legion of Doom Technical Journals. His files, such as Unix Nasties and a 
brute-force password hacker, influenced a generation of hackers seeking to 
understand Unix vulnerabilities.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Encounters with Law Enforcement~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Like many hackers of his era, Shooting Shark caught the attention of law 
enforcement. In 1987, the FBI contacted him regarding a break-in in San Diego.
Although he chose to cease illegal activities, the incident marked the end of 
his more active hacking days.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Life Beyond Hacking~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After leaving the underground scene, Shooting Shark pursued a degree in 
Theater Arts, contrasting sharply with his technical background. He later 
worked in upper management at a video graphics card manufacturer and became 
involved in computer graphics and MIDI music production. His multifaceted 
interests showcased the complexity of individuals in the hacking community.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Legacy~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shooting Shark's contributions to Phrack and the wider hacking community 
cemented his place in the annals of hacker history. His Unix tutorials 
educated aspiring hackers, while his transition to a legitimate career 
highlighted the diverse paths taken by early computer enthusiasts. Today, 
his story serves as a testament to the formative years of hacking culture.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Conclusion~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shooting Shark's journey from high school computer science student to 
influential hacker exemplifies the curiosity, ingenuity, and ethical dilemmas
that defined the early hacking scene. His legacy endures through his writings
and the community he helped shape, reminding us of the profound impact of 
those who explored the digital frontier.